tiers3456/Tier5.md, before:

# Tier 5

**Category:** HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JS, and AJAX

**Difficulty:** Advanced

**Estimated time to complete:** 45-60 minutes

**Minimum completion:** 60 points

**Description/Setup:**
  - This Tier will test the associate’s ability to apply their knowledge of JavaScript and AJAX in order to fetch data from a provided endpoint and dynamically render the content on the screen
  - Design and styling of the page is up to the associate, though extra points can be earned for better styling.
  - The web page should include an area to display the id, question text, answer text, and category of a flashcard which will be retrieved from the following link: https://example-for-java-curriculum.s3.amazonaws.com/flashcards.json
  - Push to personal branch and notify trainer to proceed to Tier 6.

**Problem Set:**
  - Use the index HTML file and include the Bootstrap CDN link and script tags, as well as a script tag that imports the
  index.js file.
    - Value: 10 points


  - Successfully consume the data at the provided endpoint (rendering data to screen not required)
    - Value: 20 points

	
  - Dynamically render a single flashcard's information obtained from the provided endpoint to the screen
    - Value: 30 points


  - Create a Bootstrap carousel that will allow users to click through different flash cards one at a time
    - Value: 40 points

Commit message:

adding remainder of tier work

tiers3456/Tier5.md, after:

# Tier 5

**Category:** HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JS, and AJAX

**Difficulty:** Advanced

**Estimated time to complete:** 45-60 minutes

**Minimum completion:** 60 points

**Description/Setup:**
  - This Tier will test the associate’s ability to apply their knowledge of JavaScript and AJAX in order to fetch data from a provided endpoint and dynamically render the content on the screen
  - Design and styling of the page is up to the associate, though extra points can be earned for better styling. We are only looking for the ability to make http requests and utilize DOM manipulation.
  - The web page should include an area to display the id, question text, answer text, and category of a flashcard which should be retrieved from the following url: https://example-for-java-curriculum.s3.amazonaws.com/flashcards.json


**Problem Set:**
  - Use the index HTML file and include the Bootstrap CDN link and script tags, as well as a script tag that imports the
  index.js file.
    - Value: 10 points


  - Successfully consume the data at the provided endpoint (rendering data to screen not required)
    - Value: 20 points

	
  - Dynamically render a single flashcard's information obtained from the provided endpoint to the screen
    - Value: 30 points


  - Create a Bootstrap carousel that will allow users to click through different flash cards one at a time
    - Value: 40 points
