tier2/README.md, before:

# Revassess
# Tier 2

**Category:** SQL

**Difficulty:** Novice

**Estimated time to complete:** 20 minutes

**Minimum completion:** 60 points

**Description/Setup:**
  - ERD: [Quizzard Entity Relationship Diagram](https://revature-note-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/quizzard-erd.png)
  - Using the provided ERD, create a single query that satisfies the task
  - Personalized DB user credentials will be provided to connect with IDE for script creation
  - Push script file to personal branch to proceed to Tier 3

**Problem Set:**
  - Write a query that will find all user info related to users with a role of BASIC_USER
    - Value: 10 points


  - Write a statement that will insert a new user into the APP_USER table with a role of PREMIUM_USER
    - Value: 20 points


  - Write a query that will find all user and study set info related to the user with an id of 5
    - Value: 30 points
	

  - Write a query that returns the user's username and the category's name, questions and answers of flashcards that are owned by the user who is associated with the React study set
    - Value: 40 points

Commit message:

fixed a few issues with tier 2, removed src/main and put models in testing dir; refactored problem 1 tier 2 for better testability with joins

tier2/README.md, after:

# Revassess
# Tier 2

**Category:** SQL

**Difficulty:** Novice

**Estimated time to complete:** 20 minutes

**Minimum completion:** 60 points

**Description/Setup:**
  - ERD: [Quizzard Entity Relationship Diagram](https://revature-note-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/quizzard-erd.png)
  - Using the provided ERD, create a single query that satisfies the task
  - Use the sql files located in src/sql to paste your queries in for the tests to run.

**Problem Set:**
  - Write a query that will find all user info related to users with a role of BASIC_USER
    - Value: 10 points


  - Write a statement that will insert a new user into the APP_USER table with a role of PREMIUM_USER
    - Value: 20 points


  - Write a query that will find all user and study set info related to the user with an id of 5
    - Value: 30 points
	

  - Write a query that returns the user's username and the category's name, questions and answers of flashcards that are owned by the user who is associated with the React study set
    - Value: 40 points
